Thirteen-year-old Eva wakes up in the hospital unable to remember anything since the picnic on the beach. Her mother leans over the bead and begins to explain. A traffic accident, a long coma. But there is something, Eva senses, she is not being told some other price she must pay to be alive at all. What have they done, with their amazing medical techniques, to save her?

At his coming-of-age party, Matteo Alacrán asks El Patrón’s bodyguard, “How old am I? . . . I know I don’t have a birthday like humans, but I was born.”
“You were harvested,” Tam Lin reminds him. “You were grown in that poor cow for nine months and then you were cut out of her.” To most people around him, Matt is not a boy, but a beast. A room full of chicken litter with roaches for friends and old chicken bones for toys is considered good enough for him. But for El Patrón, lord of a country called Opium—a strip of poppy fields lying between the U.S. and what was once called Mexico—Matt is a guarantee of eternal life. El Patrón loves Matt as he loves himself for Matt is himself. They share identical DNA. As Matt struggles to understand his existence, he is threatened by a sinister, grasping cast of characters, including El Patrón’s power-hungry family. He is surrounded by a dangerous army of bodyguards and by mindless slaves of Opium, brain-deadened eejits who toil in the poppy fields.

John Norrington joins his friends. As the storm is approaching 
the Columbia they attempt once again to return to their own time 
and home in England.The mist engulfs the ship and the wind 
becomes gusty, Captain Owens and his crew are ready for any 
immediate manuever they may have to handle to keep the ship 
on course. The ship slows then stops, things seem to appear 
normal, there is Dover Harbour. The ship now heads in to port, 
John Norrington and Bill Jenkins disembark from the ship and 
travel by stage coach to Norrington manor where they are 
greeted by their servants and staff.Hours later Bill Jenkins 
goes on duty at the hotel pub, only to notice his adversary 
Jack Wild standing at the bar, Jenkins slips out the back 
door for a moment to tell John Norrington about Wild's 
presence, Norrington could not understand that Wild is still 
free undaunted by Jenkins being present. The coach 
is now ready along with it's cargo of gold, the dignitaries 
are prepared to leave and Norrington also boards the coach, 
being part of the original passengers. The coach then leaves 
on time. As it approaches the fateful bend the Wild's outlaws 
attack. The coach pulls up and Wild has his gunmen hold the 
passengers at gunpoint. Norrington must act quickly, so he 
leaps at Wild and knocks him from his horse to the ground. 
Norrington pulls out his gun as the outlaws fire at him 
gunning him down. He is lying motionless.......
Has Norrington been killed ?
Will the Black Dove save the coach from destruction ?

	
Written by: John Ginesi      
Read Poems by John Ginesi
Form: Narrative | + Fav Poet | + Fav Poem |  Comment |  Email |  Print
Legend Of The Black Dove - Part 9

                       Legend Of The Black Dove  

                  (Part 9)   "The Voyage To Where ?"

 

The weather is cold and the sea calm as the 'Columbia' goes out to sea. 

Norrington and Jenkins finally fall asleep in their cabin while on deck 

the captain fears something wrong with the ship, the weather picks up 

to a squall as the 'Columbia' gains tremendous speed and a strange 

mist engulfs the ship. She is travelling an amazing 2000knots and

then suddenly slows down. They are in a harbour once again, but 

where are they ? It is now daylight, it having being night just an hour 

before going to sea. The jolt from sudden stopping awaken Norrington 

and Jenkins and they head up on deck. From the captain,  Norrington 

finds out the ship has travelled to some unchartered  land, he 

orders for a boat to be lowered intending to go ashore on a 

scouting mission and asks for volunteers, Norrington and Jenkins go 

along with Captain Dennis Owens and his first officer Glenn Hill plus 

two crewmen.  As they approach Dover harbour (is Dover here an 

unchartered land?) the passengers and crew behold a very unusual 

sight: instead of sailing ships they notice ships of strange types moored 

in the harbour, along with the 'Enterprise'- the sister ship of the 

'Columbia' which must be brand new, but appears to be worn out and 

ready for scrapping. What are these strange ships, what had happened 

to their own ship ? The Captain decides he needed some answers 

(The Captain wishes to find out) so they all decide to board one of the 

strange vessels. When on board they go below deck  and find a propulsion 

system of strange design on the cellar deck. they are all amazed at what 

they see.  The captain discovers the bridge of the huge ship full of weird 

levers and instrumentation. Owens notices a placard on the ship's wheel 

mount on the 'Albatross' built at Newcastle in 1929, as well as a calendar 

dated 1930,and it all starts to make sense: the weird mist had transported 

them through a time portal from 1750 to the year 1930.....  

Is the crew of the 'Columbia' marooned forever in this particular time period ?

Is there any way back to their own time?
	
Written by: Tara Andre     
Read Poems by Tara Andre
Form: Blank verse | + Fav Poet | + Fav Poem |  Comment |  Email |  Print
Exiled on Earth

I am but a traveler, a visitor, observer;
Call me an alien, if that is your wish.
In truth, I am very much like you,
But I am exiled here, marooned.

I am not here for a crime of my own,
But rather so that I can watch and learn;
To observe humanity as it prospers and grows
To experience Earth and its sorrows and joys.

Your world is pleasant, yet here I feel lost.
How strange are your customs and lives!
That a minority flourish while many more die
And the ones with power turn a blind eye

To all of the suffering, torment, and death.
Does it take a stranger to notice these things?
To see that the greed and vice of mankind,
Leads up to war, and destruction soon follows.

How greatly I yearn to go home!
Where pain is no more and Death has no power
And everyone smiles because they are free
And evil and suffering are nothing but dreams.

I pine daily for the place I belong.
Yet the distractions of Earth are ruthless.
I fear now that they will entangle and blind me,
And my home will seem more like the dream.

Then I would be little more than human.
And I would no longer be me.
As I make my way down the street
The air is crisp and there's snow at my feet.
Then the crowd's mouths become agape,
And a woman lets out a screech.

A child's trapped with no escape.
Then citizens point at a shape.
It is a bird, not it's a plane.
But wait; it's a man in a cape.

His act is so kind and humane,
The youngster is saved with no complain.
The child's parents' faces glow,
The hero has done it again.

Up, up, and away he goes.
And where he come from, no one knows.
He's just an alien, I suppose.
He's just an alien, I suppose.
They are spiritual warriors;
Keepers of the peace;
Knights of the Old Republic
But they are not ordinary knights

They were knights of the Force
Their ranks include legendary men
Such as Master Yoda, Mace Windu,
Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi

Soon after their enemies the Sith were toppled
After so many years of ruling the galaxy
The Jedi Order came back to defend
The galaxy and the revived Republic

This time they are led by
Luke Skywalker and Leah Solo;
The children of Jedi Knight Anakin Skywalker
And then just like that

The Jedi Academy came back
Like a phoenix reborn from the ashes
And today they use their agility, their knowledge of the Force,
And their lightsabers to defend the New Republic of the Galaxy

Here we are, at the edge of the universe.  
Let us praise that we are alive. 
  
Through the maze of this mausoleum, 
Pass the gaze of the singular coliseum; I’m amazed that we survived.  

The stars have come and gone, even their memory has faded away.  
All that stands is the emptiness and hollowness that was foreshadowed by this pre-destined day.  

As I stand here I turn around for one last look to the porous past.  
I see the shedding of what I thought was everything, down to the last image of what use to be, going by ever so fast.  

I see the losses,  
I see the pain 
I see the hallucinations of happiness so vivid.
 As they collapse into a dimension that is too small for my mind to save.  


I see the heroes, 
I see the villains, 
I see the ink that gave them life.  

I see the future, dancing with the past amidst the darkening of the last remaining starlight.  

Here we are, at the edge of the universe.  
Let us praise that we are alive. 

The last sunrays are fleeing, 
Soon we won’t be able to see, 
So how will I know if you survived?   
 
Let us remember the taste of the tears of all we have lost and all we have won. 
Let us remember, and face the fear as something turns to nothing, and the nothing takes the place of the sun.  

I will try to remember what it’s like to love while I’m still awake.  
I promise you, 
I will try to remember the spark of energy you embedded in me, before it transfers to an unknown space.  

Here we are, at the edge of the universe.  
Let us praise that we are alive. 

The floor was just a projection of protons that have already died.  

Before the path is covered that lead us here to this beautiful place.  
Take with you my last shimmering atom; you’ll need the light to make your final escape.  

Now it’s time for one of us to take the plunge. 
It’s only fair that I go first.  

What ever happens, I know you’ll hold on to my atom 
That’s all it takes to make another universe.       
